What is my purpose?  You pass butter.
Wubba lubba dub dub!
Science is more art than science.
Why would a Pop-Tart want to live inside a toaster?
Nobody exists on purpose, nobody belongs everywhere, everybody dies.
Calling all Jan Michael Vincents!
They're clones from an alternate reality possessed by demonic alien spirits from another dimension's future!  Do you need a mnemonic device?
What are you in for?  Everything.
And I am Dr. Xenon Bloom.
Why don't you ask the smartest people in the universe, Jerry? Oh yeah, you can't. They blew up.
Come on, Morty! Do-don't-don't be like that! The universe is a crazy, chaotic place!
Yeah, yeah, and your species eat sulfur.
I'm Ants in My Eyes Johnson here at Ants in My Eyes Johnson's Electronics!
Geez, Gazorpazorpfield, that's, y'know... Yo-you're pretty mean to me, but that takes the cake.
Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable. Eventually, everything either is or isn't.
We've been split for 20 minutes and your lives are already scattered to the quantum wind?!
You've got what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset, Morty. It's more complicated out here. These are flerbos. Do you understand what two humans can accomplish with 3,000 of these?
Goodbye, moon men...
FRIEND? D'you even know my real name? It's Revolio Clockberg Jr.
Two things I wanna' make clear to EVERYBODY in this room: never betray me, and it's time to go.
Would everybody just relax for a second? There's no such thing as an "Uncle Steve", that is an alien parasite.
You know me, I'm Reverse Giraffe. I have a short neck and legs.
This pipe's supposed to be sending 20 terawatts of juice to the... engine, Morty. Instead, we've got... zero?
You do realize this will make the flooble crank obsolete?
I put a spatially tessellated void inside a modified temporal field until a planet developed intelligent life. I then introduced that life to the wonders of electricity, which they now generate on a global scale. And, you know, some of it goes to power my engine and charge my phone and stuff.
 Did you create my universe?! Is my universe a miniverse?!
 We're gonna live our lives until we die. Possibly by vampire. More likely auto accident or heart disease, but possibly vampire.


